rubric-wordle.md, before:

# ICS4U Wordle Program - Rubric

[TOC]

## Mini Reflection

Name: 

I think my program is a level XXX because ...

The extra features I included in my program are: 

<briefly describe your features in dot-jot form>




## The Program [KAT]
### Level 3 Requirements

- [ ] A simple and minimal Wordle style program is created as shown in the class example.
- [ ] Code follows OO standards and architecture
- [ ] User-friendly input-output forms are implemented

### Level 4 Requirements

- [ ] All of the level 3 requirements
- [ ] User interface is a pleasure to use
- [ ] - [ ] Program makes significant use of advanced features of JavaFX (not directly demoed in class or the videos provided)
- [ ] Code is efficient and follows OO standards
  - [ ] No *unnecessary* repetition of code
  - [ ] *Effective* data structures selected (if applicable)
  - [ ] Produce a *modular program* that is divided among multiple classes. (as required)
  - [ ] No bugs in program
  - [ ] etc.



Overall Program Grade: L



## Project Management [Communication]

### Program Internal Documentation Requirements

- [ ] Full documentation of code (including javadoc style headers for every method and class)
- [ ] Code adheres to ICS4UO style guide.

### Regular Github Commits

- [ ] Regular and meaningful GitHub updates have been made showing daily progress
- [ ] Reasonable explanations of what was accomplished in the git comments.


Overall Communication Grade: L

Commit message:

Final Commit
- Added an animation for when the game is reset
- Deleted unused code and comments
- Added Javadoc comments and other descriptive comments
- Deleted unnecessary files
- Completed the self-evaluation in the rubric

rubric-wordle.md, after:

# ICS4U Wordle Program - Rubric

[TOC]

## Mini Reflection

Name: Venkata Adapala

I think my program is a level 4 because it is not only a decent, functional game that is easy to understand, but also a game that goes beyond the level 3 game requirements

The extra features I included in my program are:
- A clear, good-looking, sensible appearance including dark mode, appropriate colors, etc.
- A way to reset the game and play again, ensuring that one does not have to re-build the code in order to have another go at it.
- Animations for when the user wins, guesses an invalid word, resets the game, etc.




## The Program [KAT]
### Level 3 Requirements

- [ ] A simple and minimal Wordle style program is created as shown in the class example.
- [ ] Code follows OO standards and architecture
- [ ] User-friendly input-output forms are implemented

### Level 4 Requirements

- [ ] All of the level 3 requirements
- [ ] User interface is a pleasure to use
- [ ] - [ ] Program makes significant use of advanced features of JavaFX (not directly demoed in class or the videos provided)
- [ ] Code is efficient and follows OO standards
  - [ ] No *unnecessary* repetition of code
  - [ ] *Effective* data structures selected (if applicable)
  - [ ] Produce a *modular program* that is divided among multiple classes. (as required)
  - [ ] No bugs in program
  - [ ] etc.



Overall Program Grade: L



## Project Management [Communication]

### Program Internal Documentation Requirements

- [ ] Full documentation of code (including javadoc style headers for every method and class)
- [ ] Code adheres to ICS4UO style guide.

### Regular Github Commits

- [ ] Regular and meaningful GitHub updates have been made showing daily progress
- [ ] Reasonable explanations of what was accomplished in the git comments.


Overall Communication Grade: L
